fix(curriculum/scientific-computing-with-python): improve cipher project (#53069)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/655516e410b8e30fb4fb64e8.md

---
id: 655516e410b8e30fb4fb64e8
title: Step 75
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-75
---

# --description--

> Update your comments too. Your second comment should say `encode/decode` and your third comment should say `encrypted/decrypted`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your comments too. Your second comment should say `encode/decode` in place of `encode`. Your third comment should say `encrypted/decrypted` in place of `encrypted`.
```
